emotions are a tricky thing in leadership positions. Emotions showing
emotion and distaste, for instance, are not good when you're being asked
to do something hard or difficult that no one's gonna like. You
really just have to toe the line. Um, whether you believe in it or
not, If you need to let off steam and talk about how much you don't
like what you're doing, you need to find a pier or maybe even a superior
to talk to about it. But showing that to your subordinates in that
situation is not. I would not advise that, however, emotion is a
good thing when we're talking about, uh, maybe not day to day situations.
But when something good happens, being happy for someone is human.
That's appropriate. Being angry for someone because something
bad happened. Them is also human. It shows support. It makes you relatable.
Uh, stories also help very much with making you relatable. You
talk to any person has been in the military for longer than 10 years,
maybe in five years, and they will have accumulated a vast cache
of stories that they will willingly tell you that will that may or
may not have a point, but at least it gives you a perspective on what
that person went through on something that you might be able to use
in your own and that support it may be able to use in how they're
going to operate in the military. I routinely rely on stories, Thio
explain myself when I'm talking to us and talking to a subordinate.
I think one reason for that is when you're talking about you know how
things theoretically should work and the ethereal you can always
come up. A person can always come up with a reason why that may not
be the case. But if you tell a story that is mostly grounded in fact,
uh, it's hard to dispute that. And if you have an experience that
someone can take with them and think about, then that that has much
more of an impact than just saying we should do something because it
is the way it is. If you can show why that goes a long way